=== 10-TASE-2304-Group-based Distributed Auction.pdf ===
1292 IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON AUTOMATION SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING, VOL. 20, NO. 2, APRIL 2023 Group-Based Distributed Auction Algorithms for Multi-Robot Task Assignment Xiaoshan Bai , Andres Fielbaum , Maximilian Kronmüller , Luzia Knoedler , Graduate Student Member , IEEE, and Javier Alonso-Mora , Senior Member , IEEE Abstract— This paper studies the multi-robot task assignment problem in which a ﬂeet of dispersed robots needs to efﬁciently transport a set of dynamically appearing packages from their initial locations to corresponding destinations within prescribed time-windows. Each robot can carry multiple packages simul- taneously within its capacity. Given a sufﬁciently large robot ﬂeet, the objective is to minimize the robots’ total travel time to transport the packages within their respe

=== 16-李畅TIE论文.pdf ===
IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS, VOL. 71, NO. 11, NOVEMBER 2024 14373 Efﬁcient Performance Impact Algorithms for Multirobot T ask Assignment With Deadlines Xiaoshan Bai , Chang Li , Bo Zhang , Zongze Wu , Member, IEEE , and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract— This article investigates the multirobot task assignment problem with deadlines, where a group of dis- tributed heterogeneous robots needs to collaborate effec- tively to ﬁrst maximize the number of successful search and rescue missions and then minimize the robots’ total service time. First, a distributed performance impact algo- rithm is designed to obtain the initial assignment solution, where each robot can compute its assignment solution in- dependently. Subsequently, based on different local search strategies, a d

=== 2-Information Science.pdf ===
Information Sciences 453 (2018) 227–238 Contents lists available at ScienceDirect Information Sciences journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/ins An integrated multi-population genetic algorithm for multi-vehicle task assignment in a drift ﬁeld /p82 Xiaoshan Bai a , c , ∗, Weisheng Yan a , Shuzhi Sam Ge b , Ming Cao c a School of Marine Science and Technology, Northwestern Polytechnical University, 127 West Youyi Road, Xi’an, 710072, China b Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, National University of Singapore, 1 17576, Singapore c Faculty of Science and Engineering, University of Groningen, Groningen 9747 AG, The Netherlands a r t i c l e i n f o Article history: Received 20 October 2016 Revised 15 February 2018 Accepted 12 April 2018 Available online 13 April 2018 Keywor

=== 4-TASE-20年发表Truck and Drone PC.pdf ===
248 IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON AUTOMA TION SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING, VOL. 17, NO. 1, JANUARY 2020 Efﬁcient Routing for Precedence-Constrained Package Delivery for Heterogeneous V ehicles Xiaoshan Bai ,M i n gC a o , Senior Member , IEEE, Weisheng Y an , and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract— This paper studies the precedence-constrained task assignment problem for a team of heterogeneous vehicles to deliver packages to a set of dispersed customers subject to precedence constraints that specify which customers need to be visited before which other customers. A truck and a micro drone with complementary capabilities are employed where the truck is restricted to travel in a street network and the micro drone, restricted by its loading capacity and operation range, can ﬂy from the truck to perfor

=== 4-TASE-20年发表Truck and Drone PC_billingual.pdf ===
248 IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON AUTOMA TION SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING, VOL. 17, NO. 1, JANUARY 2020 Efﬁcient Routing for Precedence-Constrained Package Delivery for Heterogeneous V ehicles Xiaoshan Bai ,M i n gC a o , Senior Member , IEEE, Weisheng Y an , and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract— This paper studies the precedence-constrained task assignment problem for a team of heterogeneous vehicles to deliver packages to a set of dispersed customers subject to precedence constraints that specify which customers need to be visited before which other customers. A truck and a micro drone with complementary capabilities are employed where the truck is restricted to travel in a street network and the micro drone, restricted by its loading capacity and operation range, can ﬂy from the truck to perfor

=== 45-TRO-宝德论文期卷号版本.pdf ===
6514 IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON ROBOTICS, VOL. 41, 2025 Efﬁcient Routing for Multitruck Multidrone Package Delivery With Precedence Constraints Xiaoshan Bai , Senior Member , IEEE, Baode Li , Jianqiang Li , Senior Member , IEEE, Zongze Wu , Member , IEEE, Weidong Zhang , Senior Member , IEEE, and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract—As the demand for efﬁcient parcel delivery contin- ues to grow in the logistics industry, optimizing multirobot task assignment has become crucial for enhancing overall delivery per- formance. This article addresses the precedence-constrained multi- truck multidrone package delivery task assignment problem, where each truck coordinates with a drone to serve multiple dispersed customers under precedence constraints that specify the required order of service. While tr

=== 6-RAL-通讯作者-2107-Task assignment and Motion Planning.pdf ===
5816 IEEE ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION LETTERS, VOL. 6, NO. 3, JUL Y 2021 Integrated Task Assignment and Path Planning for Capacitated Multi-Agent Pickup and Delivery Zhe Chen, Javier Alonso-Mora , Senior Member , IEEE, Xiaoshan Bai , Daniel D. Harabor, and Peter J. Stuckey Abstract—Multi-agent Pickup and Delivery (MAPD) is a chal- lenging industrial problem where a team of robots is tasked with transporting a set of tasks, each from an initial location and each to a speciﬁed target location. Appearing in the context of auto- mated warehouse logistics and automated mail sortation, MAPD requires ﬁrst deciding which robot is assigned what task (i.e., Task Assignment or TA) followed by a subsequent coordination problem where each robot must be assigned collision-free paths so as to successfully co

=== 7-IOT-2103-Unreachable Targets.pdf ===
3730 IEEE INTERNET OF THINGS JOURNAL, VOL. 8, NO. 5, MARCH 1, 2021 Efﬁcient Task Assignment for Multiple Vehicles With Partially Unreachable Target Locations Xiaoshan Bai , Member, IEEE, Weisheng Yan , and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract—This article studies the task assignment problem for a ﬂeet of dispersed vehicles to efﬁciently visit a set of target loca- tions where some target locations might be unreachable for one or several vehicles. The objectives are to visit as many target locations as possible by using the minimum number of vehi- cles while minimizing the vehicles’ total travel time. We ﬁrst propose a target merging strategy to deal with the optimization problem, which is in general NP-hard, and show that for the spe- cial case of a single vehicle, it requires linear time

=== 9-TMSC-2207-Distributed Task Assignment for Multiple Robots Under Limited Communication Range.pdf ===
IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON SYSTEMS, MAN, AND CYBERNETICS: SYSTEMS, VOL. 52, NO. 7, JULY 2022 4259 Distributed Task Assignment for Multiple Robots Under Limited Communication Range Xiaoshan Bai , Weisheng Yan , and Shuzhi Sam Ge , Fellow, IEEE Abstract—This article investigates the task assignment problem in which multiple dispersed robots need to visit a set of tar- get locations while trying to minimize the robots’ total travel distance. Each robot initially has the position information of all the targets and of those robots that are within its lim- ited communication range, and each target demands a robot with some speciﬁed capability to visit it. We propose a decen- tralized auction algorithm which ﬁrst employs an information consensus procedure to merge the local information carried by each 

=== 基于改进最小边际代价算法的多USV多AUV任务分配.pdf ===
第40卷第l期 2025年1月 控 制 与 决 策 C0ntr·0l nnd DeciSiOn Vbl．40 No．1 Jan．2025 基于改进最小边际代价算法的多USV多AUV任务分配 白小山1，余桉奇1，郑心泉2，吴宗泽1+ (1．深圳大学机电与控制工程学院，广东深圳518000；2．燕山大学电气工程学院，河北秦皇岛066004) 摘要：随着自主水下机器人(Auv)和无人水面艇(uSv)在民用和军事领域的应用不断扩展，usV与AuV协同 完成相关任务的作业模式受到了广泛关注．针对多USv和多Auv协同访问多目标点的任务分配问题进行研究， 旨在最小化多uSV和AUV系统访问所有目标点的总旅行距离．首先，建立考虑通信约束和AuV最大航程约束的 多uSv多AUv协同多点访问任务分配问题的数学模型，并对问题的NP_hard属性进行分析．其次，提出一个两阶 段任务分配算法：1)先利用最小边际代价算法构建各USV访问完所有水面目标点的路径，再采用最近插入策略分 配水下目标点：2)通过多个邻域搜索算子对初始解进行优化，得到可行最终解．相对于已有流行的自组织映射算 法．仿真实验表明所提出任务分配算法能在较短计算时间内得到质量较优的任务分配方案． 关键词：任务分配；UsV-Auv协同：启发式算法：协同控制：邻域搜索：通讯约束 中图分类号：TP273 文献标志码：A Dol：1 0．1 3 1 95／j．kzyjc．2024．0520 引用格式：白小山，余桉奇，郑心泉，等．基于改进最小边际代价算法的多UsV多AuV任务分配[J】．控制与决策， 2025，40(1)：119-127． 1hsk assignment for multiple USVs and AUVs based on improVed minimum marginal cost algorithm BAI Xino—Sh

=== 给研究生相关学习资料\给研究生相关学习资料\Book-Vehicle routing problems, methods, and.pdf ===
Vehicle Routing MO18_Toth_VigoFM-10-20-14.indd 1 10/20/2014 9:46:05 AM This series is published jointly by the Mathematical Optimization Society and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. It includes research monographs, books on applications, textbooks at all levels, and tutorials. Besides being of high scientific quality, books in the series must advance the understanding and practice of optimization. They must also be written clearly and at an appropriate level for the intended audience. Editor-in-Chief Katya Scheinberg Lehigh University Editorial Board Series Volumes Toth, Paolo and Vigo, Daniele, editors, Vehicle Routing: Problems, Methods, and Applications, Second Edition Attouch, Hedy, Buttazzo, Giuseppe, and Michaille, Gérard, Variational Analysis in Sobolev and BV Spa

=== 给研究生相关学习资料\给研究生相关学习资料\综述文章1-A comprehensive taxonomy for multi-robot task allocation.pdf ===
A comprehensive taxonomy for multi-robot task allocation The International Journal of Robotics Research 32(12) 1495–1512 © The Author(s) 2013 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav DOI: 10.1177/0278364913496484 ijr.sagepub.com G. Ayorkor Korsah1,2, Anthony Stentz2 and M. Bernardine Dias 2 Abstract Task allocation is an important aspect of many multi-robot systems. The features and complexity of multi-robot task allo- cation (MRTA) problems are dictated by the requirements of the particular domain under consideration. These problems can range from those involving instantaneous distribution of simple, independent tasks among members of a homogenous team, to those requiring the time-extended scheduling of complex interrelated multi-step tasks for members of a heteroge

=== 给研究生相关学习资料\给研究生相关学习资料\综述文章2-Multi-robot Task Allocation A Review of the State-of-the-Art.pdf ===
Multi-robot Task Allocation: A Review of the State-of-the-Art Alaa Khamis, Ahmed Hussein and Ahmed Elmogy Abstract Multi-robot systems (MRS) are a group of robots that are designed aiming to perform some collective behavior. By this collective behavior, some goals that are impossible for a single robot to achieve become feasible and attainable. There are several foreseen beneﬁts of MRS compared to single robot systems such as the increased ability to resolve task complexity, increasing performance, relia- bility and simplicity in design. These beneﬁts have attracted many researchers from academia and industry to investigate how to design and develop robust versatile MRS by solving a number of challenging problems such as complex task allocation, group formation, cooperative object detectio

=== 给研究生相关学习资料\给研究生相关学习资料\车辆路径问题的模型及算法研究综述.pdf ===
Vol119 , No11 管 理 工 程 学 报 Journal of Industrial EngineeringΠEngineering Management 2005年 第 1期 外论 评介 车辆路径问题的模型及算法研究综述 刘云忠 , 宣慧玉 (西安交通大学管理学院 , 陕西 西安 710049) 摘要 : 本文在文献 [1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] 的基础上 , 首先 , 介绍了车辆路径问题的分类和限制条件 ; 然后 , 全面综 述了国内外关于车辆路径问题的模型及算法研究现状 , 重点探讨了车辆路径问题的模型构造、求解算法及其适用 范围 ; 最后 , 展望了其研究的前景。 关键词 : 车辆路径问题 ; 物流管理 ; 遗传算法 ; 启发式算法 中图分类号 : F57017 文献标识码 : A 文章编号 : 100426062 (2005) 0120124207 收稿日期 : 2003205226 修回日期 : 2003210208 作者简介 : 刘云忠(1970—) ,男 ,江西新干人 ,西安交通大学管理学院博士研究生。 0 引言 车辆路径问题 (Vehicle Routing Problem ,VRP)是物流管理 研究中的一项重要内容。选取恰当的车辆路径 ,可以加快对 客户需求的响应速度 ,提高服务质量 ,增强客户对物流环节 的满意度 ,降低服务商运作成本。车辆路径问题是由 G. Dantzig和 J . Ramser [5 ] 于 1959年首先提出来的 ,很快引起运 筹学、管理学、计算机应用、组合数学、图论等学科的专家学 者的高度重视。他们对此问题进行了大量的理论研究和实 验分析 ,取得了很大的研究进展。其研究结果在运输系统、 物流配送系统、快递收发系统中都已得到广泛应用。现在 , 对车辆路径问题的研究仍然相当活跃。车辆路径问题一般 定义为 :对一系列发货

